hey what it is man hey she bought a
caveman I want to show y'all how to get
to the all new club mxp three men I want
to appreciate all y'all for coming out
man party with us out side effects man
pick up the seed of your boy HK / teen
cam squad DJ Krush it's definitely going
down man this weekend is that we go down
right now more Falls Road man battle
park take a look at that apartment
I'm on fire oh man it's never going on
you come straight down forest road falls
road you come straight down on road
right there by premier creators the
movie theater right there by premier you
take a look on my left hand side you'll
see premier man that's the movie theater
premier exactly right heel your left
hand side take a look at my right hand
side you got a pup but to know the
family entertainment center you got pop
up man just keep straight down man he's
straight down
straight down and then on my right hand
side on my right hand side made you
gonna get the French food club once you
see Fred foods up you know you
definitely halfway there man that's
fresh food food club right there man
Fred blue club on my left hand side
check it out i got a gas station on my
right hand side in front of fans i got a
car while checking out my car wash and
then you'll get you the BB&T once you
plant the car why'd you get to the BB&T
that's right there in front of the club
right there in front of the club man and
when she took to my left side what you
see all new club mxb man it's definitely
going down man right here your number
one party spot man I knew party spot
with my ELF xb3 father wait to fuck
friends kids eat smoked reefer all type
of food fight right in my sight so we
got two parties man and wine rona sexy
I'm 21 and up maybe 25 and up two sides
to dance for two bars they were
definitely getting intimate it's like
Hollywood man hello welcome to Hollywood
man I actually standing right now in
front of the all new party spot man mx b
3 it's definitely going down man this
weekend Friday night Saturday Night Man
swag team help squad seed up your boy
AKA we definitely in the building man
it's definitely going down all new club
it makes p3 we can hello y'all want to
see your side but y'all doesn't want to
see inside come on let's go Eric's b3
man it's definitely going down
your boy AJ your boy seed of it we do it
man you're bored DJ first man definitely
going down there I think they need to
see inside man hold up nah banksia shot
you want to see inside come Friday night
sad like grand open a weekend man it's
definitely going down I should work oh
yeah yo eat very true I made a big night
baby lower the body